When supply levels meet the demand of clinical areas,
you will have equilibrium.
Equilibrium is defined as a situation in which
supply and demand are matched and prices are stable.
In other words, you will have the right product,
at the right time, in the right amount
for staff to care for patients.
To further clarify, when the demand and amount of supplies
are equal, you will be able to meet customers needs.
An example would be gowns used in the women's clinic.
The demand for the women's clinic is for 100 gowns per week.
The logistics staff supplies 100 gowns per week.
In this example, supply meets demand.
As a result, the women's clinic has exactly
the amount needed to provide to patients.